# **HOME**

##### by oeroaq

### #maps #streetview #sidebar #rent #infowindow #personalized #animations #predict #DynamicDraw #D3 #C3 #JQuery #Route #Security #SafetyRecommend

**Home** can only be mounted on the ***<span style="color:red">http</span>*** protocol as the weather service used does not provide https.

### 1. Description of the datasets and function design

1.1. The first dataset is [Affordable Rental Housing Developments](https://catalog.data.gov/dataset/affordable-rental-housing-developments-ef5c2), where part of the information generated by [data.gov](https://www.data.gov/) in json format is used, the data used are propery name and type, address, telephone number and unit values.

This data is displayed in an information window that is displayed when the mouse is placed on a marker, this pop up replaces the InfoWindow itself of the Google&reg; api and the `uuid` of each item of the json is used to classify it.

Both the marker and the data are stored in the array markes that contains two keys one of the information of the place of the rent and the second the marker that has the title `uuid` of the item, this makes the application has a faster access to the data.

This data is processed as long as the radius from the position of the user to the place in rent is less than that found in the global variable `radiusSearch` or the slider.

1.2. The second data set used is [Open Weather Maps](https://openweathermap.org/api), which provides the current weather data in real time and the weather data for the next five days just at noon, this data is provided by clicking on a marker or sliding the User marker, the icons are also provided by this service.

1.3. Other dataset is that of [Police Stations](https://catalog.data.gov/dataset/police-stations-3a3a8), which is used the moment a home marker is selected to rent, goes to the tab of the police icon and shows the closest ones within a 3Km radius.
1.4. [Fire Stations](https://catalog.data.gov/dataset/fire-stations-61d88) and just like the one of the police stations moves towards the tab of firemen and there it will locarizara the fire station in a range of 2 km
1.5. [Crimes - 2001 to present](https://catalog.data.gov/dataset/crimes-2001-to-present-398a4), provides a statistics of how many crimes have been carried out in a certain area and shows with a color scale the area where the greatest number of them has been produced, these are shown through a check in the Left slider bar

1.6. [Boundaries - Police Districts (current) ](https://catalog.data.gov/dataset/boundaries-police-districts-current), provides the data to draw the poligono of the neighborhood of the present police station and calculate if the place to rent is within these limits

1.7. [Chicago Department of Public Health Clinic Locations ](https://catalog.data.gov/dataset/chicago-department-of-public-health-clinic-locations-0cc3b), contact information and location of public health clinics.

1.8. [Parks - Locations](https://dev.socrata.com/foundry/data.cityofchicago.org/4xwe-2j3y), location of parks and the activities that can be done in each of them, in this dataset is also implemented the Google Places service to obtain the position of those who do not have the geolocation.

1.9. [Farmers Markets - 2012](https://dev.socrata.com/foundry/data.cityofchicago.org/3r5z-s68i), farmer markets positions and schedules.

1.10. [Grocery Stores - 2011](https://dev.socrata.com/foundry/data.cityofchicago.org/cuva-m4yn), Grocery Stores Directions and Types

1.11. [CPS_School_Locations_SY1415](https://dev.socrata.com/foundry/data.cityofchicago.org/mntu-576c), Public Schools Location

1.12. [Libraries - Locations, Hours and Contact Information](https://dev.socrata.com/foundry/data.cityofchicago.org/psqp-6rmg), Location of libraries and schedules of attention to the public

### 2. Brief Description

**HOME** provides an interface to search for a comfortable place to live, near the University of Illinois, also provides a view of the place where you can rent. You can also take a walk in the area with the help of Google&reg; street view in a panel that is not intrusive to the user's view, and without the need to click, you can see the relevant information of the rent.

Without the need to click the user you can find the best option of distance vs price to be able to rent near the university, also automatically show the elevating information to this option so you can view it without any inconvenience.

The user will be able to consult the climatic conditions from the day of his consultation and the following five days so that he can go to visit the place and that the climatic conditions do not surprise him.

* **Map View:**

    - The location in Department of Computer Science – University of Illinois, Chicago (41.8708° N, 87.6505° W), although the `autoLocation` variable can also be used to make use of the location of the browser.

    - Markers placed at each rental site on the radius determined by `radiusSearch` and changes depending on the slider bar of the right lateral emerge, this also generates changes in the number of markers and recalculates the best option based on proximity and price.

    - InfoWindow to display detailed information of a place to rent, this info window was developed in a personalized way.

    - In the table of summary has a map and in the part sperior right are a series of buttons to calculate the routes of the different types of transport.


* **Data Visualization:**

    - Making use of [D3.js](https://d3js.org/) s used for the dynamic drawing of the columns of the recommendations of the left search bar and the drawing of each row of datasets shown in tabs on the right side (police stations, fire stations, etc.)

    - Use the [C3.js](http://c3js.org/) library to make a graph of the projection of the climate of the next 5 days, which has a tooltip where the complete information is displayed, this is in the tab of climate.

    - 

* **Interaction Form:**

Currently the user can make a filter by distance, price and security through sliders that calculate at the time of interaction with the search button adds or removes markers on the map.

When this action is performed it will show the 3 best options for the user in the left sidebar and automatically select the safest if the security filter is enabled, if it is not active it will show the cheapest option, but always the closest one that it complies With all three criteria.

The user can perform a direct interaction with the map by moving his own marker that is initially located in the Department of Computer Science - University of Illinois, Chicago (41.8708 ° N, 87.6505 ° W), moving this marker the application will show A view Of the street of the place where the marker is currently in addition, if and only if the marker that has been clicked is that of the user when moving in the street view of the right sidebar the mnarcador will also change position On the school director map.
   


### 3. Additional information

**HOME** will use another sidebar on the left side where you will have the search filters and layers that the user wants to add, such as bus routes or bicycle routes.

I have encountered the difficulty of changing the style of the map controls to make them match the styles of **HOME**, since the gm-style class and its derivatives are not found in the divs containing these controls and When trying to do it in the way `.gm-style div div ....` you do not get any results.





**Note:** I offer an apology for the bad translation, my English is deficent.



