# Welcome come to Ironhacks!

This document is generated by Ironhacks Team automaticly. Please follow the instruction in tutorial and modify the content of this file after you start your hack. Enjoy it!

Submission 1:
Goal:
For Submission 1, I am just trying to learn how to use different API's. The Farmer's Market Data API will be helpful to find different Farmer's Markets in the area, but I still need to implement the Climate Data as well as to find out how to get information on Produce that different Farmer's Markets may carry.

HTML:
A CDN for jQuery is used that is provided by Google. For some reason, the CDN link used in the tutorials results in an error with the variable "$".
The link for my Javascript file, IronhackJS.js, is provided in the header section.
The HTML provides two buttons that allow the user to either view Farmer's Markets in Lafayette or West Lafayette. Not all of the zip codes are accounted for, so the list is not exhaustive.
A div tag is placed that will be populated by a table when clicking on either of the two buttons.

Javascript:
The first and second functions, activated when one of the two HTML buttons are clicked, use the "USDA National Farmers Market Directory API" to retireve a JSON object, and passes that result to the third function, searchResultsHandler. 
searchResultsHandler parses through the JSON object and appends information from it into a table variable. The contents of the specified div tag are cleared and then new information is appended to the div tag.
Created a function to get a JSON object with data from NCDC. Having issues with creating a request header to pass the token to.

Submission 2:
Added Google Map API. currently pointing to 3.6 West Lafayette Farmers Market. Need to learn how to display multiple farmers markets at once and let them be clickable. Attempting to incorporate Google geocoding API. This will allow the program to pass through the addresses of farmers markets and return with geographical coordinates of each farmer's market. This is how the Google Map API displays locations. 