# **HOME**

##### by oeroaq

### #maps #streetview #sidebar #rent #infowindow #personalized #animations #predict

### 1. Description of the datasets and function design

* The first dataset is [Affordable Rental Housing Developments](https://catalog.data.gov/dataset/affordable-rental-housing-developments-ef5c2), where part of the information generated by [data.gov](https://www.data.gov/) in json format is used, the data used are propery name and type, address, telephone number and unit values.

    This data is displayed in an information window that is displayed when the mouse is placed on a marker, this pop up replaces the InfoWindow itself of the Google&reg; api and the `uuid` of each item of the json is used to classify it.

    Both the marker and the data are stored in the array markes that contains two keys one of the information of the place of the rent and the second the marker that has the title `uuid` of the item, this makes the application has a faster access to the data.

    This data is processed as long as the radius from the position of the user to the place in rent is less than that found in the global variable `radiusSearch` or the slider.

* The second data set used is [Open Weather Maps](https://openweathermap.org/api), which provides the current weather data in real time and the weather data for the next five days just at noon, this data is provided by clicking on a marker or sliding the User marker, the icons are also provided by this service.

### 2. Brief Description

**HOME** provides an interface to search for a comfortable place to live, near the University of Illinois, also provides a view of the place where you can rent. You can also take a walk in the area with the help of Google&reg; street view in a panel that is not intrusive to the user's view, and without the need to click, you can see the relevant information of the rent.

Without the need to click the user you can find the best option of distance vs price to be able to rent near the university, also automatically show the elevating information to this option so you can view it without any inconvenience.

The user will be able to consult the climatic conditions from the day of his consultation and the following five days so that he can go to visit the place and that the climatic conditions do not surprise him.

* **Map View:**

    - The location in Department of Computer Science – University of Illinois, Chicago (41.8708° N, 87.6505° W), although the `autoLocation` variable can also be used to make use of the location of the browser.

    - Markers placed at each rental site on the radius determined by `radiusSearch` and changes depending on the slider bar of the right lateral emerge, this also generates changes in the number of markers and recalculates the best option based on proximity and price.

    - InfoWindow to display detailed information of a place to rent, this info window was developed in a personalized way.


* **Data Visualization:**

    Nothing for now.


* **Interaction Form:**

   At the moment the user can carry out a filter by distance and price through sliding bars that calculate at the moment of the interaction the filter of markers on the map.
   
   The user can perform a direct interaction with the map by moving his / her own marker that initially is located in Department of Computer Science - University of Illinois, Chicago (41.8708 ° N, 87.6505 ° W), by moving this marker the application will show a Street view of the place where the marker is currently, additionally, if and only if the marker in which it has been clicked is that of the user when moving in the street view of the right sidebar the mnarcador will also change position on the map principal.
   
   A contextual menu is planned to add interaction on the map to be able to perform a calculation of arrival routes to an rental site marker.


### 3. Additional information

**HOME** will use another sidebar on the left side where you will have the search filters and layers that the user wants to add, such as bus routes or bicycle routes.

It will also have representation of statistics through graphs of [D3.js](https://d3js.org/).

I have encountered the difficulty of changing the style of the map controls to make them match the styles of **HOME**, since the gm-style class and its derivatives are not found in the divs containing these controls and When trying to do it in the way `.gm-style div div ....` you do not get any results.



**Note:** I offer an apology for the bad translation, my English is deficent.



